so a number of years ago I developed my
first invention to treat bone density it
became very apparent that humans are
seven times stronger than they think
they are and the reason is we have
vastly different capabilities of
producing power in different positions
of our biomechanics and this wasn't
really documented or understood before
so what x3 does is allows us to train
with appropriate forces in different
positions so it uses extremely heavy
latex banding to deliver the proper
forces in the proper positions so I'm
holding much more force maybe five to
seven times the force here in this
stronger position than I am in the
weaker position the success of x3 has
also driven the success and the
prevalence of band training the problem
with training with a band by itself is
you have two options either the band is
appropriately forced for rehab training
what we really see is rehab banding
being repurposed for fitness but
nobody's going to get stronger with 20
pounds when individuals try to use
heavier banding without a bar this
happens to the wrist the wrist gets
twisted and these are some of the
smallest bones in the body and they can
get damaged very easily so you there's a
reason why we interface our feet with
flat surfaces so well there's a reason
that our hand interfaces with a bar so
well because that's what keeps our wrist
neutral so we all get to Train with a
higher amount of weight than we normally
would with more repetitions than we
normally would all while protecting
joints so that we get a more complete
and more powerful stimulus to trigger
muscle growth
you